Executing link 74 of 78: https://www.vml.com/cookie-policy
Extracted Page Text: SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
ABOUT US
WORK
WHAT WE DO
INSIGHTS
NEWS
CAREERS
CONTACT US
VML Cookie Policy

Date Last Updated 31/12/2023

Cookies

What are cookies?

We may use information obtained from cookies or similar technology. Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which we download onto your computer or device when you visit our website. Therefore, when we refer to “you” in this section we mean your computer. We can recognise these cookies on subsequent visits and they allow us to remember you.

Cookies come in many forms. We have set out below the main types and categories of cookies that are used. This section refers to all types and categories of cookies and not just those we use on our website.

First and third-party cookies - whether a cookie is first-party or third-party refers to the domain placing the cookie. First-party cookies are those set by a website that is being visited by the user, the website displayed in the URL window e.g. WPP.com. Third-Party cookies are cookies that are set by a domain other than that of the website being visited by the user. If a user visits a website and another entity sets a cookie through that website this would be a third-party cookie.

Persistent cookies – these cookies remain on a user's device for the period of time specified in the cookie. They are activated each time that the user visits the website that created that particular cookie.

Session cookie – these cookies allow website operators to link the actions of a user during a browser session. A browser session starts when a user opens the browser window and finishes when they close the browser window. Session cookies are created temporarily. Once you close the browser, all session cookies are deleted.

What do we use cookies for?

Cookies fall into one or more of the categories set out below. This website uses cookies that fall into all the categories. Also we use data from targeting cookies placed on your computer by third parties when you have visited other websites.

1. Strictly necessary cookies – These cookies enable services you have specifically asked for.

These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies certain services you have asked for cannot be provided. e.g. the ASP.NET cookie.

Cookie subgroup

	

Cookies

	

Cookies used

	

Lifespan




www.vml.com

	

OptanonConsent

	

First Party

	

365 Days




www.vml.com

	

eupubconsent, OptanonAlertBoxClosed

	

First Party

	

365 Days, 365 Days

2. Performance cookies – These cookies collect information on the pages visited.

These cookies collect information about how users use a website, for instance which pages users go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don't collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. They are only used to improve how the website works.

Cookie subgroup

	

Cookies

	

Cookies used

	

Lifespan


			


www.vml.com

	

_ga, _gat, _gid

	

First Party

	

730 Days, A few seconds, 1 Day

3. Functionality cookies – These cookies remember choices you make to improve your experience.

These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make and provide enhanced, more personal features. For instance, e.g. the AddThis cookie that is used in WPP’s corporate reports. The AddThis cookie provides ‘share this page’ functionality, where a user can email a link from a report to their friends. They may also be used to help provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity to other websites.

Cookie subgroup

	

Cookies

	

Cookies used

	

Lifespan


			


vimeo.com

	

__cf_bm, vuid

	

Third Party

	

A few seconds, 730 Days




youtube.com

	

CONSENT, VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE, YSC

	

Third Party

	

6173 Days, 180 Days, Session

4. Targeting cookies or advertising cookies – these cookies collect information about your browsing habits in order to make advertising relevant to you and your interests.

These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator's permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisation such as advertisers. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organisation.

Cookie subgroup

	

Cookies

	

Cookies used

	

Lifespan


			


vml.com

	

_ga_RJVP86FJ5C

	

First Party

	

368 Days




www.vml.com

	

_an_uid, _gd#############, _gd_session

	

First Party

	

7 Days, 730 Days, A few seconds




linkedin.com

	

AnalyticsSyncHistory, bcookie, lang, li_gc, li_sugr, lidc, UserMatchHistory

	

Third Party

	

30 Days, 365 Days, Session, 729 Days, 90 Days, 1 Day, 30 Days




www.linkedin.com

	

bscookie

	

Third Party

	

365 Days




ads.linkedin.com

	

lang

	

Third Party

	

Session




salesforce

	

igodigitaltc2, igodigitalstdomain, igodigitalst

	

Third Party

	

365 Days

If you want to delete any cookies that may already be on your computer or device, please refer to the instructions for your file management software to locate the file or directory that stores cookies. If you want to stop cookies being stored on your computer in future, please refer to your browser manufacturer’s instructions by clicking “Help” in your browser menu. Further information on cookies is available at www.allaboutcookies.org. By deleting our cookies or disabling future cookies you may not be able to access certain areas or features of our website.

What other information do we collect through our website?

WPP may also collect and store aggregate or anonymous information about a user’s interaction with the Site.

We may use this aggregate or anonymous information we collect about our customers, traffic patterns, and related site information to better design our Site and to share with reputable third-party vendors. Please note, aggregate and anonymous information is not personal information and cannot directly or indirectly identify an individual on its own.

Analytics and Interest-based Advertising

We may disclose your information for analytics and interest-based advertising purposes, as described below.

Analytics. We partner with certain third parties to obtain the automatically collected information discussed above and to engage in analysis, auditing, research, and reporting. These third parties may use pixels or server logs, and they may set and access device IDs and IP addresses from your device.

Interest-based advertising. We may also enable third-party tracking mechanisms to collect information about you and your computing devices for use in online interest-based advertising. For example, third parties may use the fact that you visited our website to target online ads to you. In addition, our third-party advertising networks might use information about your use of our website to help target advertisements based on your online activity in general. For information about interest-based advertising practices, including privacy and confidentiality, visit the Network Advertising Initiative website or the Digital Advertising Alliance website.

The use of online tracking mechanisms by third parties is subject to those third parties’ own privacy policies, and not this policy. If you prefer to prevent third parties from setting and accessing cookies on your computer or other device, you may set your browser to block cookies. Additionally, you may remove yourself from the targeted advertising of companies within the Network Advertising Initiative by opting out here, or of companies participating in the Digital Advertising Alliance by opting out here. Although our website currently does not respond to “do not track” browser headers, you can limit tracking through these third-party programs and by taking the other steps discussed above.

You may also opt-out of interest-based by adjusting the advertising preferences on your mobile device (for example, in iOS, visit Settings > Privacy > Advertising > Limit Ad Tracking, and in Android, visit Settings > Google > Ads > Opt out of interest-based ads). Additionally, you may opt out for companies that participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance's AppChoices tool by downloading it here and following the instructions in the app.

How can I control cookies?

You have the right to decide if you want to accept or reject cookies through the following methods:

Our Website Cookie Preference Centre: You can exercise your preferences about what cookies are placed on our websites through visiting our Website Cookie Preference Tool available here: Cookie Settings.

Browser Controls: You can accept or reject cookies through changing your web browser settings. If you want to reject cookies through your browser, you should visit your browser help menu for further information. In the scenario where you reject cookies, you may still be able to use our website, but some parts may be restricted.

Changes to this cookie policy

We review this cookie policy on a regular basis to ensure that it is up-to-date with our use of your personal information, and compliant with applicable data protection laws.

CONTACT US
NEWSLETTER
PRESS CENTER
Cookie Settings
Cookie Policy
Privacy
Terms
Modern Slavery Act Statement
CCPA Policy
Accessibility

CONNECT WITH US

© 2024 VML. A WPP Company.
Distinct Misspelled Words: [
  '31122023',       'recognise',             'third-party',
  '-',              'first-party',           'url',
  'eg',             'wppcom',                'aspnet',
  'wwwvmlcom',      'optanonconsent',        '365',
  'eupubconsent',   'optanonalertboxclosed', '_ga',
  '_gat',           '_gid',                  '730',
  'addthis',        'wpps',                  'blog',
  'anonymised',     'vimeocom',              '__cf_bm',
  'vuid',           'youtubecom',            'visitor_info1_live',
  'ysc',            '6173',                  '180',
  'organisation',   'vmlcom',                '_ga_rjvp86fj5c',
  '368',            '_an_uid',               '_gd',
  '_gd_session',    'linkedincom',           'analyticssynchistory',
  'bcookie',        'lang',                  'li_gc',
  'li_sugr',        'lidc',                  'usermatchhistory',
  '30',             '729',                   '90',
  'wwwlinkedincom', 'bscookie',              'adslinkedincom',
  'salesforce',     'igodigitaltc2',         'igodigitalstdomain',
  'igodigitalst',   'wwwallaboutcookiesorg', 'interest-based',
  'ip',             'online',                'opt-out',
  'ios',            'google',                'appchoices',
  'app',            'centre',                'up-to-date',
  'ccpa'
]
