Executing link 36 of 78: https://www.vml.com/insight/tomorrows-commerce-2025
Extracted Page Text: SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
ABOUT US
WORK
WHAT WE DO
INSIGHTS
NEWS
CAREERS
CONTACT US
Insight
Tomorrow's Commerce 2025
25 future trends supporting the evolving consumer and reshaping future commerce

The future of commerce is rapidly evolving, shaped by technological advancement, changing consumer behaviors, and shifting market dynamics. But predicting this future is difficult, and the task is made even harder for organizations whose focus can be on the day-to-day running of their business and on hitting their monthly, quarterly or annual targets.

Without time to think, model and extrapolate, many businesses are staring into a future with little or no idea of what it might look like. That’s why we produce "Tomorrow’s Commerce".

For this year’s report – our 8th annual edition – we've drawn on the brainpower of VML experts worldwide plus insights from VML's stable of studies including The Future Shopper and Future 100, to identify 25 trends set to influence the future of commerce.

We’ve presented them across five broad categories – Humanity, Technology, Channels, Logistics and Far Beyond 2025.

Whilst the impact of some of our 25 trends may not be felt today, many are already registering a powerful influence, and it’s time to acknowledge them and start planning. As well as looking forward, we've brought things back to show how you can apply the insights to the now and near future of your business, with the steps to take.


25 Trends for 2025 and Beyond!

DOWNLOAD THE REPORT

The 5 Key Trend Categories at a Glance:

1. Humanity: Hearts & Heads

Human connection remains vital despite increasing digitization, with consumers seeking authentic experiences alongside technological convenience. So, just how can brands retain or inject a genuine sense of humanity, empathy, and creativity, to brand experiences and retain a true connection with consumers?

2. Technology: Connecting & Disconnecting

AI and automation will continue its revolution, impacting everything from personalization to delivery and blurring the lines between human and AI interactions. Ushering in an era of "hybrid reality", brands must reimagine traditional retail strategies to build loyalty and unlock digital communities - including those in favor of disconnecting.

3. Channels: Communications & Commerce

One of the leading tenets of business is to be where your customers are, and that means supporting an ever-evolving, ever-demanding base on a growing number of channels. But while new opportunities emerge with frequency, many brands and retailers would be wise to focus rather than fragment their effort as channel strategy shifts from omnichannel to more focused "optichannel" approaches, with consideration to transformed retail environments, mobile optimized interfaces, fluid and intuitive social experiences that prioritize brand-building plus conversion.

4. Logistics: Streamlining & Sustainability

Sustainability and speed will continue to shape logistics, though often with a sense of conflict or compromise. From AI-powered inventory management and route optimization to smart partnerships and direct-to-consumer plays, technology is at the heart of balancing efficiency and value expectations of an increasingly demanding consumer.

5. Out There: Far Beyond 2025

Looking even further ahead, emerging technologies like brain-computer interfaces (BCI) and genetic commerce could fundamentally transform how we think about shopping and consumer experiences. These more fantastical forecasts for the far-flung future are worthy of attention for forward-thinking brands that understand the importance of planning now to win the future.


Dive deeper into these trend categories with our report

DOWNLOAD THE REPORT

Wish to explore these trends further?
Hugh Fletcher

Global Demand Content and Thought Leadership Director, Enterprise Solutions

CONTACT HUGH
Beth Ann Kaminkow

Global Chief Commerce Officer, Commerce

CONTACT BETH ANN
Naji El-Arifi

Head of Innovation, Enterprise Solutions

CONTACT NAJI
RELATED CONTENT
INSIGHT
The Future Shopper 2024 has landed
Our biggest report yet explores the evolving shopper landscape globally and new opportunities for brands to drive long-term success
READ ARTICLE
INSIGHT
The Power of Peak: Holiday Shopping 2024
Key insights and predictions ahead of Black Friday, Cyber Monday and Singles’ Day 2024
READ ARTICLE
CONTACT US
NEWSLETTER
PRESS CENTER
Cookie Settings
Cookie Policy
Privacy
Terms
Modern Slavery Act Statement
CCPA Policy
Accessibility

CONNECT WITH US

© 2025 VML. A WPP Company.
Distinct Misspelled Words: [
  'day-to-day',         "vml's",
  'weve',               'ai',
  'reimagine',          '-',
  'ever-evolving',      'ever-demanding',
  'omnichannel',        'optichannel',
  'brand-building',     'ai-powered',
  'direct-to-consumer', 'brain-computer',
  'bci',                'far-flung',
  'forward-thinking',   'hugh',
  'ann',                'kaminkow',
  'naji',               'el-arifi',
  'long-term',          'friday',
  'cyber',              'monday',
  'ccpa'
]
