Executing link 77 of 78: https://www.vml.com/ccpa-policy
Extracted Page Text: SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
ABOUT US
WORK
WHAT WE DO
INSIGHTS
NEWS
CAREERS
CONTACT US
CCPA Policy

Date Last Updated 31/12/2023


If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act, including any amendments made via the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”) and any relevant implementing regulations, (“CCPA”) provides you with certain rights regarding your personal information, including the right to know about personal information collected, disclosed, sold or shared; the right to request that we delete personal information that we have collected from you; the right to correct personal information that we have collected from you, the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information; and the right not to be discriminated against. All of these rights are subject to certain exceptions.The purpose of this privacy policy is to make you aware of how we, as a Business, will handle your personal information. This notice applies to consumers who are residents of the State of California.

To review our privacy practices in general, please review our main privacy policy.


To review our California Job Applicant Privacy Notice for job applicants who are California residents click here.

Collection of Personal Information

When you interact with our business (such as by visiting our website), we may collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household (“personal information”). We may have collected the following categories of personal information over the past 12 months:

Identifiers, such as your name, email address, or IP address.
Categories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of California Civil Code Section 1798.80, such as your name and telephone number.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as cookies, web logs, IP addresses, and mobile device IDs.
Professional or employment-related information, such as your company name and address or any information that you share with us on your job application.
Inferences drawn from any of the information identified above.

We collect the personal information listed above from the following sources:


From you directly, when you visit our website or provide us with your personal information as part of interacting with our services.
From your operating system and platforms.
From your internet service provider.

Disclosure or Sale of Personal Information

In the last 12 months, we may have disclosed the following categories of personal information for our business or commercial purposes:

Identifiers, such as your name, email address, or IP address.
Categories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of California Civil Code Section 1798.80, such as your name and telephone number.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as cookies, web logs, IP addresses, and mobile device IDs.
Professional or employment-related information, such as your company name and address.
Inferences drawn from any of the information identified above.

We may have shared any of the information listed above with:

Our affiliates, including WPP group companies (you can find further details on our group companies here).
Our service providers.
Data analytics providers.
Social networks.
Advertising companies.
Government entities (to the extent required by law).
Other third parties, if our assets are the subject of a sale or a similar corporate transaction.

We use or disclose your information for the following purposes:

To provide you with materials and information you requested.
To send you information that may be of interest to you, such as newsletters, whitepapers, news bulletins, and other business information.
To respond to specific queries you may raise regarding VML and its various operating companies and brands.
To provide you with better ways of accessing information on our website.
To process your queries and requests, such as those submitted via or pursuant to the “Contact” and “Careers” sections on our website.
To allow you to submit information to our new business team.
To process your registration for events, seminars, conferences, and meetings via our website.

Please note that you may find additional information about any of the topics above in our main privacy policy.


Your Rights

Right to Know and Correct


California residents have the right to request that we disclose certain information about our collection and use of your personal information over the past twelve months (“Right to Know”). Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you the following information (unless an exemption applies):

The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
The categories of personal information that we have disclosed for a business or commercial purpose.
Our business or commercial purposes for collecting, sharing or selling personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (i.e., a data portability request).

In the event that the information provided to you is inaccurate, you have the right to correct personal information that we collected from you.

Right to Delete

California residents have the right to request that we delete the personal information that we collected from you and retain, subject to certain exceptions (“Right to Delete”). Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.

Right to Opt-Out of Sale or Sharing

The CCPA provides California residents with the right to opt-out of the “sale” or “sharing” of their personal information, as those terms are defined in the CCPA.

We do not sell or share the personal information we collect about or from California residents. We do not knowingly collect, sell, or share personal information about California residents under the age of 16.

Right to Nondiscrimination

The CCPA provides California residents with the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of their privacy rights conferred by the CCPA. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights.

The rights outlined above may be subject to certain exceptions. Additionally, we do not use your “sensitive personal information” for any purposes that would permit you to limit our use of such information. You may review Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.121(a) to learn more about these permitted purposes.

Exercising Your Rights

If you are a California resident and wish to request for us to provide you with your Right to Know, Right to Correct or Right to Delete, you may submit a request to us through the following ways:

By email at dpo@vml.com.
By phone at our toll free number +1 844 496 1443

Upon receiving a request from you, we will first verify your identity by comparing the information you provide (your name, email address, or phone number) with the information we have on file. We may ask you for additional information to verify your identity or to comply with your request. We will also inform you if we are unable to complete your request due to an exemption.

Authorized Agent

You may authorize an agent to make a request on your behalf. To designate an agent, please provide a written and signed document by you that authorizes the agent to act on your behalf. You may submit this document at the email address below. We may still require you to provide sufficient information to allow us to reasonably verify that you are the person about whom we collected personal information.

Contact for More Information

If you wish to contact us regarding our California Privacy Addendum, you may do so through the following methods:

By email at dpo@vml.com.
By phone at our toll free number +1 844 496 1443
CONTACT US
NEWSLETTER
PRESS CENTER
Cookie Settings
Cookie Policy
Privacy
Terms
Modern Slavery Act Statement
CCPA Policy
Accessibility

CONNECT WITH US

© 2025 VML. A WPP Company.
Distinct Misspelled Words: [
  'ccpa',               '31122023',
  'california',         'cpra',
  'opt-out',            'exceptionsthe',
  '12',                 'ip',
  '179880',             'internet',
  'employment-related', 'whitepapers',
  'ie',                 '16',
  'civ',                '1798121a',
  'dpovmlcom',          '844',
  '496',                '1443'
]
