Executing link 28 of 78: https://www.vml.com/news/vml-recognized-as-a-strong-performer-in-customer-experience-strategy-consulting-services-q4
Extracted Page Text: SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
ABOUT US
WORK
WHAT WE DO
INSIGHTS
NEWS
CAREERS
CONTACT US
News
VML Recognized by Forrester as a Strong Performer in Customer Experience Strategy Consulting Services, Q4
Nov 26, 2024
The Forrester report noted “VML’s practice has a superior vision that is well aligned with its frameworks and methods”

VML has been named a Strong Performer in The Forrester Wave™: Customer Experience Strategy Consulting Services, Q4 2024 report.

The report evaluated the top 12 providers that matter most among customer experience strategy consulting services providers based on their current offering and strategy, measuring across 24 criteria. VML received the highest scores possible across seven criteria including: Functional Area Expertise, CX Vision Development, CX Function Development, Proprietary Data Integration, Practice Vision, Partner Ecosystem and Global Delivery.

The Forrester report noted “VML’s practice has a superior vision that is well aligned with its frameworks and methods.” It also states that referenced customers praised “VML’s speed of delivery and its ability to synthesize client feedback and best practices from other industries. Multiple customers cited its innovative thinking as helping them shape their firms’ future ambitions.”

The company received the highest score possible in the proprietary data integration criterion. The Forrester report states, “VML’s proprietary data integration is a standout, with APIs and data connectors that enable fast integration of its own regulation-compliant data with its clients’ core systems (e.g., customer feedback management [CFM], customer data platform [CDP], and CRM).”

The report also noted, “VML’s partner ecosystem stands out with a breadth of tech vendors, associations, academia, and business accelerators (such as VCs).”


We’re thrilled to be recognized as a Strong Performer by Forrester. We’ve made tremendous investments and strides in our CX offerings at VML over the years, and we believe this acknowledgment reflects those continued commitments and how they’ve been actualized as we help brands chart their future ambitions. At VML, we’re dedicated to delivering CX strategies that are as actionable as they are visionary, empowering our clients to connect meaningfully with customers and drive growth. Our journey continues, and we’re excited to help more organizations shape their Customer Experience futures.
Jeff Geheb
Global Chief Experience Officer, VML
RELATED CONTENT
IN THE PRESS
VML Listed Among 31 Most Notable CX Providers by Forrester
Indulge in the new report by Forrester, The Customer Experience Strategy Consulting Services Landscape, Q2 2024
READ MORE
IN THE PRESS
VML Recognized in Latest Overview of Creative and Content Service Providers
VML named among the most notable providers in The Forrester Marketing Content and Creative Landscape, Q4 2024
READ MORE
CONTACT US
NEWSLETTER
PRESS CENTER
Cookie Settings
Cookie Policy
Privacy
Terms
Modern Slavery Act Statement
CCPA Policy
Accessibility

CONNECT WITH US

© 2025 VML. A WPP Company.
Distinct Misspelled Words: [
  'q4',                   'nov',
  '26',                   'vmls',
  '12',                   '24',
  'cx',                   'apis',
  'regulation-compliant', 'eg',
  'cfm',                  'cdp',
  'crm',                  'vcs',
  'weve',                 'theyve',
  'jeff',                 'geheb',
  '31',                   'q2',
  'ccpa'
]
