Executing link 75 of 78: https://www.vml.com/privacy-policy
Extracted Page Text: SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
ABOUT US
WORK
WHAT WE DO
INSIGHTS
NEWS
CAREERS
CONTACT US
VML External Privacy Policy

Date Last Updated 31/12/2023

Introduction

This Privacy Policy contains important information about how we use your personal information. We respect the privacy of individuals who interact with our business and where you choose to provide us with information about yourself, you trust us to act in a responsible manner with that information.
In this privacy policy, references “us”, “we”, “VML” or “our”, and are all references to VML.

If you have any questions, comments or concerns about any aspect of this policy or how VML handles your information please email our privacy team at dpo@vml.com

What information do we collect?

We collect personal information from you in several ways; you may share information with us, or we may collect it using other means. In this section we explain the different ways we collect personal information from you and some ways in which that information will be used.

Requesting information from us and responding to your queries

We process contact information such as name, email address, telephone number or postal address, preferences, and other declared personal information about you when you provide it to us. For example, when you fill out online forms, subscribing to our services, call, or text us, enquire about our products and services.

Interacting with us via Social Media Channels

We process information relating to you when you interact with us through social media platforms such as Linkedin or Facebook.

Registering for and attending our events, seminars, or conferences

If you choose to attend one our events, we will ask for your contact information to provide you with details of the event and manage your attendance. For in-person events, we may ask you to provide us with accessibility information, if appropriate

Updating you on developments and initiatives

We may process your contact information to keep you updated on updates and developments in our business.

Interacting with our website

When you visit our website we may collect details of your website visit, including name, email, phone number, IP address (a unique identifier for your computer or other device), website URL and mobile device ID. Our website also uses cookies please see our cookie policy here for details.

Applying for a job at VML

We process information provided by you in relation to submitting a job application to VML (this may include sensitive personal information for example ethnic origin). Please see our Recruitment Privacy Policy here for further information.

Visiting our offices

We may collect information such as contact information (including name, email address, telephone number) and CCTV footage in respect to your visit to our office address.

Interacting with us as a client of VML

When interacting with us as a client, we process information we may receive from you or from others in relation to our provision of services to our clients. Please see our Client Privacy Policy here for further information.

Interacting with us as a supplier or partner to VML

We process information in relation to you as an individual if you provide services to us (or if you work for a company that provides services to us). Please see our Supplier Privacy Policy here for further information.

How do we use it?

We will use your personal information in the following ways. We are also required by law to state a “legal basis for processing”, i.e., to tell you on what grounds we are allowed to use your information, and this is also set out below:

How we will use your personal information

	

Our legal basis for processing




To provide or respond to you, with information that you have requested, e.g., this could relate to a newsletter, bulletin, an invitation for an event, your interaction with us on social media

	

Consent – we only use your personal information for this purpose if you have asked us to do so. You can withdraw your consent at any time.




To keep you updated with developments and initiatives at VML, its affiliates or partners

	

Our legitimate interests – we use your information to provide you news and updates on VML, its affiliates or partners. You will always have the opportunity to opt-out in each correspondence.





To process your registration for and attendance at events, seminars, conferences, and meetings with VML, its affiliates or partners

	

Our legitimate interests – we use your information to book you on to the requested events and to send confirmation to you and the event organiser.




To respond to specific queries you may raise regarding VML, its affiliates and partners

	

Consent – we only use your personal information for this purpose if you have asked us to do so. You can withdraw your consent at any time.




To provide you with better ways of accessing information from this website

	

Consent – we only use your personal information for this purpose if you have consented for us to do so. You can withdraw your consent at any time.




To process and consider your job application.

	

Our legitimate interests – we use your personal information to assess your job application, update you on its status and keep you informed of other opportunities, if you have asked us to, via the methods you have selected.




To manage your visit to the office

	

Our legitimate interests or any other purposes required by law such as for example, compliance with fire protection regulations.

For how we use your information that is collected using cookies and similar technologies, please review our cookie policy here.


Do we pass your information to third parties?

We may send your personal information to other VML and WPP group companies, affiliates and third parties to help us process your personal information for the purposes set out in this policy. Further details of our group companies can be found here.

We may disclose your personal information if we or any of our assets are the subject of a sale or similar corporate transaction. We will ensure that the third parties who receive your personal information are required to keep it confidential.

We may disclose personal information to third parties when we reasonably believe we are required by law, and in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual unlawful or otherwise prohibited activities, including, but not limited to, fraud.

Where do we send your information?

We are a global company and therefore we may transfer your personal information to countries around the world including the US and other countries outside of the UK and Europe. We will, where the country to which your data is transferred has not been found to provide an adequate level of protection, put in place appropriate safeguards (we use standard contractual clauses) to ensure your information is protected.

How long do we keep your information?

We only keep your personal information for as long as we need to, to be able to use it for the reasons given in this privacy policy, and for as long as we are required to keep it by law.

Third Party Websites

Our website links to third party sites which we do not operate or endorse. These websites may use cookies and collect your personal information in accordance with their own privacy policies. This privacy policy does not apply to third party websites and we are not responsible for third party websites.

How do we protect your information?

We take appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure that your personal information disclosed to us is kept secure, accurate and up to date and kept only for so long as is necessary for the purposes for which it is used.

Children’s Privacy

This website is not intended or designed to attract children under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect personal information from or about any person under the age of 16. If you are under 16 years old and wish to ask a question or use this site in any way which requires you to submit your personal information, please get your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf.

Your rights

You are entitled to ask:

1. for a copy of the personal information we hold about you, and details about how we are processing your personal information;

2. to have any inaccuracies in your personal information corrected;

3. if we are processing your personal information by automated means and on the basis of your consent (see “How do we use it?”, above), for us to provide your personal information to you in a structured, commonly-used and machine-readable format. You can also ask us to provide your personal information directly to a third party in this format, and, if technically feasible, we will do so; and

4. to have your personal information erased, or for our use of it to be restricted (for example, if your preferences change, or if you don’t want us to send you the information you have requested).

Please contact us using the details set out below if you would like to exercise any of these rights.

You also have the right to make a complaint to the supervisory authority if you’re not happy with how we’ve handled your personal information. In the UK, the supervisory authority is the Information Commissioner’s Office (http://www.ico.org.uk).

Responsible Disclosures

VML appreciates and values the identification and reporting of security vulnerabilities carried out by well-intentioned, ethical security researchers. Please read our Responsible Disclosures Policy in full.


Privacy Policy in Japan

Please click this link for further information with regard to the Privacy Policy in Japan.

California Residents

If you are a California resident, if you need additional information and rights that may apply to you as an employee, applicant or contractor click here, for such that may apply to you as a client click here or for such that may apply to you as a supplier click here.


How to contact us

If you wish to exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal information or if you have any queries about how we use your personal information, please let us know by contacting us at the following address: Wunderman Thompson LLC d/b/a VML, 175 Greenwich Street, Floor 16, New York, NY 10007
United States or by email at dpo@vml.com

Changes to this privacy policy

We review this privacy policy on a regular basis to ensure that it is up-to-date with our use of your personal information, and compliant with applicable data protection laws.

We reserve the right, at our discretion, to revise this privacy policy at any time. The updated privacy policy will be posted on our website. You are encouraged to review this privacy policy from time to time.

CONTACT US
NEWSLETTER
PRESS CENTER
Cookie Settings
Cookie Policy
Privacy
Terms
Modern Slavery Act Statement
CCPA Policy
Accessibility

CONNECT WITH US

© 2025 VML. A WPP Company.
Distinct Misspelled Words: [
  '31122023',        'dpovmlcom',        'online',
  'enquire',         'linkedin',         'facebook',
  'in-person',       'ip',               'url',
  'cctv',            'ie',               'eg',
  'opt-out',         'organiser',        'uk',
  'europe',          'organisational',   'childrens',
  '16',              'commonly-used',    'machine-readable',
  'dont',            'youre',            'weve',
  'httpwwwicoorguk', 'well-intentioned', 'california',
  'wunderman',       'thompson',         'llc',
  'dba',             '175',              'greenwich',
  'york',            'ny',               '10007',
  'up-to-date',      'ccpa'
]
