Executing link 29 of 78: https://www.vml.com/insight/the-future-100-2025
Extracted Page Text: SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
ABOUT US
WORK
WHAT WE DO
INSIGHTS
NEWS
CAREERS
CONTACT US
EN
ENGLISH
ESPAÑOL
FRANÇAIS
PORTUGUÊS
Insight
The Future 100: 2025
VML reveals our 100 trends set to transform the marketplace in 2025

AUTHOR

VML Intelligence

VML Intelligence’s “The Future 100: 2025” is here – our essential guide to the coming year and beyond on 100 game-changing trends across 10 different sectors to keep you future-ready.

This unparalleled report examines key trends across 14 different countries and features interviews with top industry experts and more.

The future awaits – download your copy of the Future 100 today:

DOWNLOAD REPORT

2025 will be a year of paradoxes, where advanced technology meets digital disconnection, where the dawn of the trillionaire collides with cost-cutting and the prolonged challenges of the “cost-of-living”, and where brands must find that delicate balance between resonance with restraint.

In addition, it’s time to prepare for new realities—by our own imaginations and by technology that conjures next-level imagined worlds for us to live in. As people are faced with unsettling issues, they are proactively creating a reality that makes sense to them—one that is imaginative and optimistic. This is a time when cocktails levitate, technology can help us transcend the constraints of the body, and anything we imagine can be realized. 2025 is the year of possibilities.

Here are just some of the exciting trends covered in The Future 100:
CULTURE

#01 Reality shift

Embracing delusion is highly intentional: a form of optimism, and a route to imagining, or manifesting a better reality than the one in which you find yourself.

TECH

#14 Robot redux

Humanoid robots are set to become a staple of every home.

TRAVEL

#22 Destination solitude

Travelers are seeking out restorative solitude, as a route to personal growth and the foundation for cherishing connection with others.

BRANDS

#36 Chaos packaging

Gravy in a beer can. Tampons in an ice cream tub. Coffee in a tube. Brands are using packaging to play with audiences’ expectations.

FOOD AND DRINK

#44 Reality-defying dining

Restaurants and bars are pushing the boundaries of food and drink with out-of-this-world dining experiences.

BEAUTY

#52 Algorithmic beauty

AI creators are experimenting with the possibilities of how the next iteration of beauty could look.

RETAIL

#61 Awesperiential retail

Stores and malls are morphing into purveyors of awe, and Asia is leading the way.

LUXURY

#71 Elite pets

From five-star suites and private jets to designer accessories and smart toys—pets are living an all-round luxury lifestyle.

HEALTH

#87 Ozempic world

The global appetite for weight-loss drugs is driving disruption across industries.

INNOVATION

#97 World-conjuring tech

Technology will allow us to cocreate realities.

EXPERTS

2025 expectations

We asked industry experts what they are anticipating for 2025.

DATA

By the numbers

Original global consumer data from 14 countries around the world reveals new insights into people’s habits, perspectives and expectations.

The Future 100 ushers in a year of possibilities, where new realities are in the making, human potential is being redefined, and propelled by AI, a new creative economy is emerging.
Emma Chiu & Marie Stafford
Global Directors, VML Intelligence
Ready to access the future? Click here to download the Future 100 today:

The Future 100 is VML's indispensable guide to the trends that will shape consumer spending and behavior in 2025 and beyond, a deep dive that spans culture, creativity, connection and more.

DOWNLOAD REPORT

VML can help you unlock inspiring new opportunities for growth:

Our team is ready to action insights from The Future 100: 2025 for your brand or business, including through bespoke presentations, workshops, innovation labs, custom research and more.

CONTACT US

Main image: Ethereal Waves by NastPlas

RELATED CONTENT
WHAT WE DO
Intelligence
The global futures and trend intelligence unit.
FIND OUT MORE
INSIGHT
The Future 100: 2024
Revealing the 100 trends that will change the world.
READ ARTICLE
CONTACT US
NEWSLETTER
PRESS CENTER
Cookie Settings
Cookie Policy
Privacy
Terms
Modern Slavery Act Statement
CCPA Policy
Accessibility

CONNECT WITH US

© 2025 VML. A WPP Company.
Distinct Misspelled Words: [
  'english',           'espaol',         'franais',
  'portugus',          'game-changing',  '10',
  'future-ready',      '14',             'trillionaire',
  'cost-cutting',      'cost-of-living', 'realitiesby',
  'next-level',        'proactively',    'themone',
  '01',                'redux',          '22',
  '36',                '44',             'reality-defying',
  'out-of-this-world', '52',             'ai',
  '61',                'awesperiential', 'asia',
  '71',                'five-star',      'toyspets',
  'all-round',         '87',             'ozempic',
  'weight-loss',       '97',             'world-conjuring',
  'cocreate',          'emma',           'chiu',
  'marie',             'stafford',       "vml's",
  'nastplas',          'ccpa'
]
