Executing link 39 of 65: https://www.teenvoice.com/reports/how-teens-explore-and-choose-careers-higher-ed
Extracted Page Text: This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. To learn more, view the following link: Privacy Policy
FEATURES
INSIGHTS
ABOUT US
LOGIN
GET STARTED

FUTURE PREPAREDNESS

How Teens Explore and Choose Careers

REPORT

$450.00 (EXCL.TAX)

ADD TO CART

Description

Teenagers are charting their futures with curiosity and determination, but many are unsure about their options or how to move forward. This report uncovers teens’ career exploration habits, key concerns, and preferred resources, offering insights to help higher education institutions create programs and messaging that resonate with this audience.  

Use this report to: 

Gain a clearer picture of how teens discover and explore career options.  

Tailor your messaging to reflect teens’ unique priorities and aspirations.

Refine programs that build confidence and prepare students for future success. 

 

1 OF 2

Learn About Our Research

Our reports provide insights based on speaking directly to teens. We go beyond asking comprehensive questions - we write teen-friendly copy to encourage their participation. Our analysis leads to actionable insights that illustrate what it's really like to be a teen today.

Types of Reports

TeenVoice provides a range of different reports to meet your needs, including short articles, topical and thematic deep-dive focus reports, and comprehensive landscape reports tailored to industry needs.

Our Methodology

We generate detailed insights in our reports by asking topical questions in a teen-friendly voice to a nationally representative sample of over 2,000 teens. We perform rigorous analysis to provide views based on age, gender, race, and more.

Expert Insights

With a combined 40 years in higher education, conducting consumer research, and studying human behavior, our staff of expert researchers and PhDs know how to talk to teens and craft actionable insights from their responses.

Quick Links

SURVEY BUILDER
INSIGHTS
FEATURES
ABOUT US
FAQ
LOGIN
PRIVACY POLICY
COMMERCIAL TERMS & CONDITIONS

EVOLVEME

a free future-planning site for teens

ⓒ 2024 TeenVoice. All rights reserved.
Distinct Misspelled Words: [
  '45000',
  'excltax',
  'teen-friendly',
  'deep-dive',
  '40',
  'phds',
  'evolveme',
  'future-planning'
]
