Executing link 68 of 78: https://www.vml.com/insight/the-future-shopper-2024-has-landed
Extracted Page Text: SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
ABOUT US
WORK
WHAT WE DO
INSIGHTS
NEWS
CAREERS
CONTACT US
EN
ENGLISH
ESPAÑOL
FRANÇAIS
Insight
The Future Shopper 2024 has landed
Our biggest report yet explores the evolving shopper landscape globally and new opportunities for brands to drive long-term success
Download your copy of The Future Shopper 2024 report – an unparalleled global survey of the trends and technology driving the future of shopping:

DOWNLOAD THE REPORT

In this year's Future Shopper report from VML – our 8th annual edition – more than 31,000 shoppers across 20 countries have spoken.

The Future Shopper 2024 report provides a clear view into the online shopping trends of shoppers today and in the future, including why spending habits are changing and what to expect as we shift towards a world where physical and digital merge.

Amidst economic, societal, tech and environmental challenges, we witness a re-normalization as consumers welcome physical shopping experiences, at the same time placing a higher value on compressed commerce and accelerated customer journeys. Marketplaces maintain their dominance but with a weakening grip, and attrition threatens to derail the progress of D2C channels

For a quick glance at the report’s key findings, view our infographic!


VIEW THE INFOGRAPHIC
In VML's Future Shopper 2024 report, get our expert analysis on:

Changing Behaviors
Consumers are more focused on their health – impacting what they buy and whom they buy from.

Working From Home
More consumers are shopping online and admit their favorite retailers have changed since working from home.

Customer Journeys
Although consumers demand omnichannel experiences, many are “uni-channel” and tend to use only one device.

Journeys by Industry
How one product is bought differs from another and we explore inspiration, search and purchase across industries.

Online Purchasing
Consumers are driven by price, which is indexing higher this year amidst inflationary and economic pressures.

Customer Experiences
We investigate experiences that online consumers expect and what drives their buying behavior.


Marketplaces
Consumers like shopping at branded marketplaces but will use other channels when they fall short.

Artificial Intelligence
Most consumers are open to AI helping them shop, with some letting AI decide their activities and what they buy.





Sustainability
More than half of global consumers surveyed say they've changed their shopping habits due to environmental concerns.

Social Commerce & Media
Social platforms are set to take advantage of the explosion of social commerce, predicted to grow almost 32% by 2030.

Gaming Commerce
Global gaming is expected to reach a massive $1065 billion by 2032, becoming more than just games but a place to shop.


New Channels & Technology
If a brand is digitally innovative, a majority of consumers are more likely to purchase from them.

What’s clear is that consumers expect and demand a lot from retailers and brands.

They want it all, and will search to find it, across a multitude of channels. This poses a challenge, albeit an exciting one, to see which brands and retailers can give consumers what they want. This report is written to help you do just that. Enjoy.

DOWNLOAD THE REPORT

We can support & inspire your Future Shoppers
Beth Ann Kaminkow

Global Chief Commerce Officer and Co-CEO, VML NY

CONTACT ME
Hugh Fletcher

Global Demand Content and Thought Leadership Director, VML

CONTACT ME
Naji El-Arifi

Head of Innovation, VML

CONTACT ME
Regional Reports

We’ve synthesized consumer data from each region to produce complementary Future Shopper reports that address and align to the specific nuances, marketplace maturity, and cultural context of the region.

INSIGHT
APAC's Future Shopper: A Six-Nation Deep Dive
Our first APAC report explores the evolving shopper landscape and new opportunities for brands
READ ARTICLE
INSIGHT
The Future Shopper LATAM 2024
Our 4th edition of the report explores the changing shopper landscape in LATAM and the opportunities for brands to optimize their commerce strategies
READ ARTICLE
RELATED CONTENT
INSIGHT
Tomorrow's Commerce 2024
20 future trends to pique the interest and shape the plans of business leaders today
READ ARTICLE
NEWS
WPP Recognized as a Leader in Commerce Services
WPP and VML lead in commerce services, earning top marks from Forrester for innovative strategies and exceptional creative and technology integration
READ ARTICLE
CONTACT US
NEWSLETTER
PRESS CENTER
Cookie Settings
Cookie Policy
Privacy
Terms
Modern Slavery Act Statement
CCPA Policy
Accessibility

CONNECT WITH US

© 2025 VML. A WPP Company.
Distinct Misspelled Words: [
  'english',     'espaol',
  'franais',     'long-term',
  '31000',       '20',
  'online',      're-normalization',
  'd2c',         'infographic',
  "vml's",       'omnichannel',
  'uni-channel', 'ai',
  '32',          '2030',
  '1065',        '2032',
  'ann',         'kaminkow',
  'co-ceo',      'ny',
  'hugh',        'naji',
  'el-arifi',    'weve',
  "apac's",      'six-nation',
  'apac',        'latam',
  'ccpa'
]
