Executing link 13 of 65: https://www.teenvoice.com/reports/teens-online-implications-for-higher-ed
Extracted Page Text: This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. To learn more, view the following link: Privacy Policy
FEATURES
INSIGHTS
ABOUT US
LOGIN
GET STARTED

DIGITAL LIFE

Teens Online: Implications for Higher Ed

REPORT

$1,500.00 (EXCL.TAX)

ADD TO CART

Description

In a time when Gen Z teens are more immersed in the digital world than ever, understanding their digital behaviors is essential for post-secondary institutions, higher education providers, and emerging training and development platforms aiming to align their offerings with current student preferences. Which platforms are capturing their attention? What online activities captivate them the most? How do these digital experiences influence their real-world learning and future career goals? And critically, what role does technology play in their educational journey, and how do they perceive its impact?


Our comprehensive research into the online behaviors and expectations of Gen Z offers crucial insights for Higher Education planners, illuminating where today’s teens spend their time online, their attitudes towards technology and learning, and their expectations for the future in the face of advancements in AI and other digital technologies. Delve into the digital reality of Gen Z to discover current trends and subtleties in their online behavior and understand how these digital tools can inform real-world education decisions and perceptions in the higher education context.

1 OF 4

Learn About Our Research

Our reports provide insights based on speaking directly to teens. We go beyond asking comprehensive questions - we write teen-friendly copy to encourage their participation. Our analysis leads to actionable insights that illustrate what it's really like to be a teen today.

Types of Reports

TeenVoice provides a range of different reports to meet your needs, including short articles, topical and thematic deep-dive focus reports, and comprehensive landscape reports tailored to industry needs.

Our Methodology

We generate detailed insights in our reports by asking topical questions in a teen-friendly voice to a nationally representative sample of over 2,000 teens. We perform rigorous analysis to provide views based on age, gender, race, and more.

Expert Insights

With a combined 40 years in higher education, conducting consumer research, and studying human behavior, our staff of expert researchers and PhDs know how to talk to teens and craft actionable insights from their responses.

Quick Links

SURVEY BUILDER
INSIGHTS
FEATURES
ABOUT US
FAQ
LOGIN
PRIVACY POLICY
COMMERCIAL TERMS & CONDITIONS

EVOLVEME

a free future-planning site for teens

ⓒ 2024 TeenVoice. All rights reserved.
Distinct Misspelled Words: [
  '150000',
  'excltax',
  'post-secondary',
  'real-world',
  'teen-friendly',
  'deep-dive',
  '40',
  'phds',
  'evolveme',
  'future-planning'
]
