Executing link 35 of 65: https://www.teenvoice.com/reports/how-teens-cope-with-stress-and-anxiety-non-profit
Extracted Page Text: This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. To learn more, view the following link: Privacy Policy
FEATURES
INSIGHTS
ABOUT US
LOGIN
GET STARTED

MENTAL WELLNESS

How Teens Cope With Stress and Anxiety

REPORT

$450.00 (EXCL.TAX)

ADD TO CART

Description

Today’s teens need help navigating a landscape of overwhelming stressors. From rising anxiety rates to the challenges of accessing mental health care, this study of 2,000+ teens reveals where they’re struggling and the areas in which critical support is needed to help them thrive.

Key Findings for Nonprofits:

Discover the top sources of stress for teens and how these vary across demographics.

Learn why stigma and cultural barriers prevent many teens from seeking help.

Uncover opportunities to create programs that promote healthy coping strategies.

Gain insights to improve access to mental health resources and support systems.

Use these findings to design impactful initiatives that meet teens where they are and provide the support they need most.

 

1 OF 2

Learn About Our Research

Our reports provide insights based on speaking directly to teens. We go beyond asking comprehensive questions - we write teen-friendly copy to encourage their participation. Our analysis leads to actionable insights that illustrate what it's really like to be a teen today.

Types of Reports

TeenVoice provides a range of different reports to meet your needs, including short articles, topical and thematic deep-dive focus reports, and comprehensive landscape reports tailored to industry needs.

Our Methodology

We generate detailed insights in our reports by asking topical questions in a teen-friendly voice to a nationally representative sample of over 2,000 teens. We perform rigorous analysis to provide views based on age, gender, race, and more.

Expert Insights

With a combined 40 years in higher education, conducting consumer research, and studying human behavior, our staff of expert researchers and PhDs know how to talk to teens and craft actionable insights from their responses.

Quick Links

SURVEY BUILDER
INSIGHTS
FEATURES
ABOUT US
FAQ
LOGIN
PRIVACY POLICY
COMMERCIAL TERMS & CONDITIONS

EVOLVEME

a free future-planning site for teens

ⓒ 2024 TeenVoice. All rights reserved.
Distinct Misspelled Words: [
  '45000',
  'excltax',
  'stressors',
  'theyre',
  'impactful',
  'teen-friendly',
  'deep-dive',
  '40',
  'phds',
  'evolveme',
  'future-planning'
]
