Executing link 16 of 65: https://www.teenvoice.com/reports/digital-teen-life-trends-and-impacts
Extracted Page Text: This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. To learn more, view the following link: Privacy Policy
FEATURES
INSIGHTS
ABOUT US
LOGIN
GET STARTED

DIGITAL LIFE

Digital Teen Life: Trends and Impacts

REPORT

$999.00 (EXCL.TAX)

ADD TO CART

Description

Today’s teens spend more time online, but where are they going, and what specifically are they doing there? How does it relate to their real-life friendships, schoolwork, and future plans? What role does social media play in their lives, and how do they perceive its impact?

Our in-depth research with teens details their online behavior and preferences, where they go for different purposes, how they feel technology impacts their learning, and what advances in AI and other digital technologies mean to their lives now and in the future. Dive into the world of teen online life to learn about current trends and nuances in how they conduct their online lives, how digital tools influence their real-life decisions, and how they feel about it all.

Learn About Our Research

Our reports provide insights based on speaking directly to teens. We go beyond asking comprehensive questions - we write teen-friendly copy to encourage their participation. Our analysis leads to actionable insights that illustrate what it's really like to be a teen today.

Types of Reports

TeenVoice provides a range of different reports to meet your needs, including short articles, topical and thematic deep-dive focus reports, and comprehensive landscape reports tailored to industry needs.

Our Methodology

We generate detailed insights in our reports by asking topical questions in a teen-friendly voice to a nationally representative sample of over 2,000 teens. We perform rigorous analysis to provide views based on age, gender, race, and more.

Expert Insights

With a combined 40 years in higher education, conducting consumer research, and studying human behavior, our staff of expert researchers and PhDs know how to talk to teens and craft actionable insights from their responses.

Quick Links

SURVEY BUILDER
INSIGHTS
FEATURES
ABOUT US
FAQ
LOGIN
PRIVACY POLICY
COMMERCIAL TERMS & CONDITIONS

EVOLVEME

a free future-planning site for teens

ⓒ 2024 TeenVoice. All rights reserved.
Distinct Misspelled Words: [
  '99900',
  'excltax',
  'real-life',
  'in-depth',
  'teen-friendly',
  'deep-dive',
  '40',
  'phds',
  'evolveme',
  'future-planning'
]
