Executing link 30 of 65: https://www.teenvoice.com/reports/the-top-three-concerns-teens-face-in-planning-for-their-future-edtech
Extracted Page Text: This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. To learn more, view the following link: Privacy Policy
FEATURES
INSIGHTS
ABOUT US
LOGIN
GET STARTED

FUTURE PREPAREDNESS

The Top Three Concerns Teens Face in Planning for Their Future

REPORT

$450.00 (EXCL.TAX)

ADD TO CART

Description

Teens are overwhelmed by information but crave tools that make their futures clearer. Despite access to endless knowledge, they face “choice paralysis,” which makes it harder to plan their futures. This study of 2,000+ teens reveals how digital tools can address their biggest academic, career, and financial stressors.

Key Insights for EdTech Professionals:

Find out how teens perceive the connection between education and real-world readiness.

Explore ways to help teens choose and prepare for career paths.

Discover how digital resources can guide teens in identifying their skills and interests.

This report provides actionable insights to design tools that reduce stress, foster engagement, and empower teens to plan confidently for the future.

 

Learn About Our Research

Our reports provide insights based on speaking directly to teens. We go beyond asking comprehensive questions - we write teen-friendly copy to encourage their participation. Our analysis leads to actionable insights that illustrate what it's really like to be a teen today.

Types of Reports

TeenVoice provides a range of different reports to meet your needs, including short articles, topical and thematic deep-dive focus reports, and comprehensive landscape reports tailored to industry needs.

Our Methodology

We generate detailed insights in our reports by asking topical questions in a teen-friendly voice to a nationally representative sample of over 2,000 teens. We perform rigorous analysis to provide views based on age, gender, race, and more.

Expert Insights

With a combined 40 years in higher education, conducting consumer research, and studying human behavior, our staff of expert researchers and PhDs know how to talk to teens and craft actionable insights from their responses.

Quick Links

SURVEY BUILDER
INSIGHTS
FEATURES
ABOUT US
FAQ
LOGIN
PRIVACY POLICY
COMMERCIAL TERMS & CONDITIONS

EVOLVEME

a free future-planning site for teens

ⓒ 2024 TeenVoice. All rights reserved.
Distinct Misspelled Words: [
  '45000',
  'excltax',
  'stressors',
  'edtech',
  'real-world',
  'teen-friendly',
  'deep-dive',
  '40',
  'phds',
  'evolveme',
  'future-planning'
]
