Executing link 9 of 65: https://www.teenvoice.com/reports/understanding-today-s-teens
Extracted Page Text: This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. To learn more, view the following link: Privacy Policy
FEATURES
INSIGHTS
ABOUT US
LOGIN
GET STARTED

TEEN LIFE

Understanding Today’s Teens 

REPORT

$999.00 (EXCL.TAX)

ADD TO CART

Description

In an era where digital natives are reshaping the world, understanding the life of a modern teen is critical. The global pandemic has amplified the reliance on digital platforms, making today’s teenage life remarkably different from even 10 years ago. We’ve ventured into the lives of teens across demographics like age, gender, race and ethnicity, geography, etc., exploring their favorite activities, self-perceptions, and priorities.

 

Discover where teens most likely invest their time, online and offline. What are their life priorities? What stimulates their learning and decision-making? Where do they hunt for trustworthy advice and information? What skills do they value? How do they manage finance and spending? Dive in to uncover the narrative of teenagers today, their decision-making drivers, and their wishlist for a better world.

1 OF 4

Learn About Our Research

Our reports provide insights based on speaking directly to teens. We go beyond asking comprehensive questions - we write teen-friendly copy to encourage their participation. Our analysis leads to actionable insights that illustrate what it's really like to be a teen today.

Types of Reports

TeenVoice provides a range of different reports to meet your needs, including short articles, topical and thematic deep-dive focus reports, and comprehensive landscape reports tailored to industry needs.

Our Methodology

We generate detailed insights in our reports by asking topical questions in a teen-friendly voice to a nationally representative sample of over 2,000 teens. We perform rigorous analysis to provide views based on age, gender, race, and more.

Expert Insights

With a combined 40 years in higher education, conducting consumer research, and studying human behavior, our staff of expert researchers and PhDs know how to talk to teens and craft actionable insights from their responses.

Quick Links

SURVEY BUILDER
INSIGHTS
FEATURES
ABOUT US
FAQ
LOGIN
PRIVACY POLICY
COMMERCIAL TERMS & CONDITIONS

EVOLVEME

a free future-planning site for teens

ⓒ 2024 TeenVoice. All rights reserved.
Distinct Misspelled Words: [
  '99900',            'excltax',
  '10',               'weve',
  'self-perceptions', 'offline',
  'decision-making',  'wishlist',
  'teen-friendly',    'deep-dive',
  '40',               'phds',
  'evolveme',         'future-planning'
]
