Executing link 18 of 65: https://www.teenvoice.com/reports/student-insights-on-careers-education
Extracted Page Text: This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. To learn more, view the following link: Privacy Policy
FEATURES
INSIGHTS
ABOUT US
LOGIN
GET STARTED

FUTURE PREPAREDNESS

Student Insights on Careers & Education

REPORT

$1,500.00 (EXCL.TAX)

ADD TO CART

Description

 
For today’s teens, one of the major impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic has been the expansion of their education and career planning into digital spaces. And whether they’re aware of it or not, teens’ choices have been informed by these changes. During the height of the pandemic, studies implied that teens were burned out after so much time online, turning away from further online higher education – especially four-year college – and instead looking at other training and careers. In the same vein, studies implied that teens put a high premium on the location of their jobs, arguably over other job features.
 
Discover whether all of this is still the case for today’s teens. How far in advance are teens planning for their futures, and how can digital resources help these efforts? What are their plans and what tools and resources – both digital and offline – are they using to shape their futures? Embark on this venture to see the planning journeys of modern-day teens, the factors guiding their decisions, and when they are undertaking their efforts to better understand how digital solutions can make an impact in their lives.
Learn About Our Research

Our reports provide insights based on speaking directly to teens. We go beyond asking comprehensive questions - we write teen-friendly copy to encourage their participation. Our analysis leads to actionable insights that illustrate what it's really like to be a teen today.

Types of Reports

TeenVoice provides a range of different reports to meet your needs, including short articles, topical and thematic deep-dive focus reports, and comprehensive landscape reports tailored to industry needs.

Our Methodology

We generate detailed insights in our reports by asking topical questions in a teen-friendly voice to a nationally representative sample of over 2,000 teens. We perform rigorous analysis to provide views based on age, gender, race, and more.

Expert Insights

With a combined 40 years in higher education, conducting consumer research, and studying human behavior, our staff of expert researchers and PhDs know how to talk to teens and craft actionable insights from their responses.

Quick Links

SURVEY BUILDER
INSIGHTS
FEATURES
ABOUT US
FAQ
LOGIN
PRIVACY POLICY
COMMERCIAL TERMS & CONDITIONS

EVOLVEME

a free future-planning site for teens

ⓒ 2024 TeenVoice. All rights reserved.
Distinct Misspelled Words: [
  '150000',          'excltax',
  'covid-19',        'theyre',
  'four-year',       'offline',
  'modern-day',      'teen-friendly',
  'deep-dive',       '40',
  'phds',            'evolveme',
  'future-planning'
]
