Executing link 31 of 65: https://www.teenvoice.com/reports/the-top-three-concerns-teens-face-in-planning-for-their-future-non-profit
Extracted Page Text: This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. To learn more, view the following link: Privacy Policy
FEATURES
INSIGHTS
ABOUT US
LOGIN
GET STARTED

FUTURE PREPAREDNESS

The Top Three Concerns Teens Face in Planning for Their Future

REPORT

$450.00 (EXCL.TAX)

ADD TO CART

Description

Teens today need your help to turn hope into action. Navigating the future is both exciting and overwhelming. This comprehensive study of 2,000+ teens uncovers their pressures—from academic stress to career uncertainty—and highlights opportunities for nonprofits to make a meaningful impact.

Key Insights for Nonprofits:

Discover how academic stress and financial concerns shape how teens think about their  futures.

Learn what types of hands-on experiences help teens feel more prepared.

Uncover actionable opportunities for developing impactful youth programs.

These insights can help your organization develop programs, foster youth empowerment, and provide teens with real-world experiences to thrive.

 

1 OF 2

Learn About Our Research

Our reports provide insights based on speaking directly to teens. We go beyond asking comprehensive questions - we write teen-friendly copy to encourage their participation. Our analysis leads to actionable insights that illustrate what it's really like to be a teen today.

Types of Reports

TeenVoice provides a range of different reports to meet your needs, including short articles, topical and thematic deep-dive focus reports, and comprehensive landscape reports tailored to industry needs.

Our Methodology

We generate detailed insights in our reports by asking topical questions in a teen-friendly voice to a nationally representative sample of over 2,000 teens. We perform rigorous analysis to provide views based on age, gender, race, and more.

Expert Insights

With a combined 40 years in higher education, conducting consumer research, and studying human behavior, our staff of expert researchers and PhDs know how to talk to teens and craft actionable insights from their responses.

Quick Links

SURVEY BUILDER
INSIGHTS
FEATURES
ABOUT US
FAQ
LOGIN
PRIVACY POLICY
COMMERCIAL TERMS & CONDITIONS

EVOLVEME

a free future-planning site for teens

ⓒ 2024 TeenVoice. All rights reserved.
Distinct Misspelled Words: [
  '45000',           'excltax',
  'pressuresfrom',   'uncertaintyand',
  'hands-on',        'impactful',
  'real-world',      'teen-friendly',
  'deep-dive',       '40',
  'phds',            'evolveme',
  'future-planning'
]
