Executing link 40 of 65: https://www.teenvoice.com/reports/how-teens-explore-and-choose-careers-non-profit
Extracted Page Text: This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. To learn more, view the following link: Privacy Policy
FEATURES
INSIGHTS
ABOUT US
LOGIN
GET STARTED

FUTURE PREPAREDNESS

How Teens Explore and Choose Careers

REPORT

$450.00 (EXCL.TAX)

ADD TO CART

Description

Today’s teens are entering a job market filled with opportunity and uncertainty. Nonprofits have a unique role in helping teens navigate their options. This report, based on a survey of over 2,000 teens, highlights their priorities, challenges, and dreams—providing the insights you need to create programs that truly connect.  

Use this report to:  

Learn how teens use digital tools to explore careers and identify where real-world opportunities fit in.  

Understand teens’ top priorities, such as financial stability and meaningful work.  

Discover opportunities to design impactful programs that balance passion and practicality.  

 

1 OF 2

Learn About Our Research

Our reports provide insights based on speaking directly to teens. We go beyond asking comprehensive questions - we write teen-friendly copy to encourage their participation. Our analysis leads to actionable insights that illustrate what it's really like to be a teen today.

Types of Reports

TeenVoice provides a range of different reports to meet your needs, including short articles, topical and thematic deep-dive focus reports, and comprehensive landscape reports tailored to industry needs.

Our Methodology

We generate detailed insights in our reports by asking topical questions in a teen-friendly voice to a nationally representative sample of over 2,000 teens. We perform rigorous analysis to provide views based on age, gender, race, and more.

Expert Insights

With a combined 40 years in higher education, conducting consumer research, and studying human behavior, our staff of expert researchers and PhDs know how to talk to teens and craft actionable insights from their responses.

Quick Links

SURVEY BUILDER
INSIGHTS
FEATURES
ABOUT US
FAQ
LOGIN
PRIVACY POLICY
COMMERCIAL TERMS & CONDITIONS

EVOLVEME

a free future-planning site for teens

ⓒ 2024 TeenVoice. All rights reserved.
Distinct Misspelled Words: [
  '45000',
  'excltax',
  'dreamsproviding',
  'real-world',
  'impactful',
  'teen-friendly',
  'deep-dive',
  '40',
  'phds',
  'evolveme',
  'future-planning'
]
