Executing link 12 of 65: https://www.teenvoice.com/reports/teen-perspectives-in-the-digital-age-essential-insights-for-mission-driven-organizations
Extracted Page Text: This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. To learn more, view the following link: Privacy Policy
FEATURES
INSIGHTS
ABOUT US
LOGIN
GET STARTED

TEEN LIFE

Teen Perspectives in the Digital Age: Essential Insights for Mission-Driven Organizations

REPORT

$1,500.00 (EXCL.TAX)

ADD TO CART

Description

As we journey through an ever more digital landscape, the lives of today’s teens shift constantly. The digital upheaval, fueled by the global pandemic, has redefined the teenage experience, diverging dramatically from just a decade ago. We’ve embarked on a captivating exploration into the diverse lives of teens across numerous demographics, probing their passions, self-concepts, and priorities – an essential exercise when trying to understand and meet teens’ ever-changing and diverse needs.

 

Uncover the digital and tangible spaces where teens choose to dedicate their time to make the most impactful contribution to teens’ lives. What are their primary life objectives? What propels their learning and decision-making? Where do they look for reliable guidance and information? Which skills do they prize most? How do they manage financial matters? Join us on this journey to reveal the stories of modern teenagers, the factors influencing their choices, and their hopes for a better world. This information is crucial for non-profit and mission-driven organizations aiming to tailor their programs to the needs and preferences of today’s high schoolers and middle schoolers.

1 OF 4

Learn About Our Research

Our reports provide insights based on speaking directly to teens. We go beyond asking comprehensive questions - we write teen-friendly copy to encourage their participation. Our analysis leads to actionable insights that illustrate what it's really like to be a teen today.

Types of Reports

TeenVoice provides a range of different reports to meet your needs, including short articles, topical and thematic deep-dive focus reports, and comprehensive landscape reports tailored to industry needs.

Our Methodology

We generate detailed insights in our reports by asking topical questions in a teen-friendly voice to a nationally representative sample of over 2,000 teens. We perform rigorous analysis to provide views based on age, gender, race, and more.

Expert Insights

With a combined 40 years in higher education, conducting consumer research, and studying human behavior, our staff of expert researchers and PhDs know how to talk to teens and craft actionable insights from their responses.

Quick Links

SURVEY BUILDER
INSIGHTS
FEATURES
ABOUT US
FAQ
LOGIN
PRIVACY POLICY
COMMERCIAL TERMS & CONDITIONS

EVOLVEME

a free future-planning site for teens

ⓒ 2024 TeenVoice. All rights reserved.
Distinct Misspelled Words: [
  'mission-driven',  '150000',
  'excltax',         'weve',
  'self-concepts',   'ever-changing',
  'impactful',       'decision-making',
  'non-profit',      'teen-friendly',
  'deep-dive',       '40',
  'phds',            'evolveme',
  'future-planning'
]
