Executing link 34 of 65: https://www.teenvoice.com/reports/how-teens-cope-with-stress-and-anxiety-edtech
Extracted Page Text: This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. To learn more, view the following link: Privacy Policy
FEATURES
INSIGHTS
ABOUT US
LOGIN
GET STARTED

MENTAL WELLNESS

How Teens Cope With Stress and Anxiety

REPORT

$450.00 (EXCL.TAX)

ADD TO CART

Description

Stress and anxiety are shaping how teens approach learning and their futures. With rising mental health challenges, teens struggle to manage academic demands and emotional pressures. This report reveals critical insights for EdTech leaders that may help you design tools that provide support to teens and allow them to thrive.

Key Insights for EdTech Professionals:

Learn how academic pressures and future uncertainty affect teen mental health.

Discover how teens use digital platforms to seek support and manage stress.

Understand how passive versus active engagement online impacts mental well-being.

This report’s data may inform the creation of impactful, student-centered solutions that support teens’ emotional and academic success.

 

Learn About Our Research

Our reports provide insights based on speaking directly to teens. We go beyond asking comprehensive questions - we write teen-friendly copy to encourage their participation. Our analysis leads to actionable insights that illustrate what it's really like to be a teen today.

Types of Reports

TeenVoice provides a range of different reports to meet your needs, including short articles, topical and thematic deep-dive focus reports, and comprehensive landscape reports tailored to industry needs.

Our Methodology

We generate detailed insights in our reports by asking topical questions in a teen-friendly voice to a nationally representative sample of over 2,000 teens. We perform rigorous analysis to provide views based on age, gender, race, and more.

Expert Insights

With a combined 40 years in higher education, conducting consumer research, and studying human behavior, our staff of expert researchers and PhDs know how to talk to teens and craft actionable insights from their responses.

Quick Links

SURVEY BUILDER
INSIGHTS
FEATURES
ABOUT US
FAQ
LOGIN
PRIVACY POLICY
COMMERCIAL TERMS & CONDITIONS

EVOLVEME

a free future-planning site for teens

ⓒ 2024 TeenVoice. All rights reserved.
Distinct Misspelled Words: [
  '45000',
  'excltax',
  'edtech',
  'well-being',
  'impactful',
  'student-centered',
  'teen-friendly',
  'deep-dive',
  '40',
  'phds',
  'evolveme',
  'future-planning'
]
