Executing link 19 of 65: https://www.teenvoice.com/reports/tailoring-education-to-student-future-planning
Extracted Page Text: This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. To learn more, view the following link: Privacy Policy
FEATURES
INSIGHTS
ABOUT US
LOGIN
GET STARTED

FUTURE PREPAREDNESS

Tailoring Education to Student Future Planning

REPORT

$1,500.00 (EXCL.TAX)

ADD TO CART

Description

As they plan for the future, teens today continue to feel the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic: while the immediate urgency has passed, teens’ choices have been informed by all of the upheaval whether they are aware of it or not. While trying to make sense of this new world, research on teens implied that in a post-COVID world, teens were not putting the same value on higher education – especially four-year college – as they did in the past. Instead, other sorts of education, training, or career paths became popular among teens. Additionally, many studies implied that teens put a high premium on the location of their jobs, arguably more so than they did on other job features.
 
Discover whether today’s teens are conforming to or shaking off these trends – especially about four-year college. When do teens start planning their futures? What are their next steps for their education and why? Why are they motivated to pursue the careers of their choice, and what do they value most in their jobs? Join us on this expedition to uncover the future planning narratives of contemporary teenagers, the influences shaping their decisions, and their visions for their future goals. This information is invaluable for higher education institutions seeking to align their offerings with the preferences and needs of the current generation.
Learn About Our Research

Our reports provide insights based on speaking directly to teens. We go beyond asking comprehensive questions - we write teen-friendly copy to encourage their participation. Our analysis leads to actionable insights that illustrate what it's really like to be a teen today.

Types of Reports

TeenVoice provides a range of different reports to meet your needs, including short articles, topical and thematic deep-dive focus reports, and comprehensive landscape reports tailored to industry needs.

Our Methodology

We generate detailed insights in our reports by asking topical questions in a teen-friendly voice to a nationally representative sample of over 2,000 teens. We perform rigorous analysis to provide views based on age, gender, race, and more.

Expert Insights

With a combined 40 years in higher education, conducting consumer research, and studying human behavior, our staff of expert researchers and PhDs know how to talk to teens and craft actionable insights from their responses.

Quick Links

SURVEY BUILDER
INSIGHTS
FEATURES
ABOUT US
FAQ
LOGIN
PRIVACY POLICY
COMMERCIAL TERMS & CONDITIONS

EVOLVEME

a free future-planning site for teens

ⓒ 2024 TeenVoice. All rights reserved.
Distinct Misspelled Words: [
  '150000',
  'excltax',
  'covid-19',
  'post-covid',
  'four-year',
  'teen-friendly',
  'deep-dive',
  '40',
  'phds',
  'evolveme',
  'future-planning'
]
