Executing link 25 of 65: https://www.teenvoice.com/reports/what-exactly-are-teens-doing-on-social-media-anyway-general
Extracted Page Text: This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. To learn more, view the following link: Privacy Policy
FEATURES
INSIGHTS
ABOUT US
LOGIN
GET STARTED

DIGITAL LIFE

What Exactly Are Teens Doing On Social Media, Anyway?

REPORT

$450.00 (EXCL.TAX)

ADD TO CART

Description

Yes, teens spend a lot of time online, but it's not just mindless scrolling. They're building digital identities, experiementing with self expression, and shaping online communities. Our study of 2,000+ teens explores how they communicate, create, and consume content across platforms, offering invaluable insights for anyone looking to understand today’s digital youth culture.

Key Insights: 

Understand how teen's digital habits vary across demographics groups. 
Discover which platforms resonate most with teens.
Explore how teens manage their online presence with future goals in mind.
Learn why 71% prefer sharing content while only 64% create it. 

Dive into this essential report to uncover how teens use platforms like TikTok, YouTube, and Instagram—and how these behaviors shape their lives both online and off.

1 OF 2

Learn About Our Research

Our reports provide insights based on speaking directly to teens. We go beyond asking comprehensive questions - we write teen-friendly copy to encourage their participation. Our analysis leads to actionable insights that illustrate what it's really like to be a teen today.

Types of Reports

TeenVoice provides a range of different reports to meet your needs, including short articles, topical and thematic deep-dive focus reports, and comprehensive landscape reports tailored to industry needs.

Our Methodology

We generate detailed insights in our reports by asking topical questions in a teen-friendly voice to a nationally representative sample of over 2,000 teens. We perform rigorous analysis to provide views based on age, gender, race, and more.

Expert Insights

With a combined 40 years in higher education, conducting consumer research, and studying human behavior, our staff of expert researchers and PhDs know how to talk to teens and craft actionable insights from their responses.

Quick Links

SURVEY BUILDER
INSIGHTS
FEATURES
ABOUT US
FAQ
LOGIN
PRIVACY POLICY
COMMERCIAL TERMS & CONDITIONS

EVOLVEME

a free future-planning site for teens

ⓒ 2024 TeenVoice. All rights reserved.
Distinct Misspelled Words: [
  '45000',          'excltax',
  'experiementing', "teen's",
  '71',             '64',
  'tiktok',         'instagramand',
  'teen-friendly',  'deep-dive',
  '40',             'phds',
  'evolveme',       'future-planning'
]
