Executing link 11 of 65: https://www.teenvoice.com/reports/navigating-student-goals-in-a-digital-world
Extracted Page Text: This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. To learn more, view the following link: Privacy Policy
FEATURES
INSIGHTS
ABOUT US
LOGIN
GET STARTED

TEEN LIFE

Navigating Student Goals in a Digital World

REPORT

$1,500.00 (EXCL.TAX)

ADD TO CART

Description

As the world rapidly evolves, so does the life of the modern teen. The digital age, accelerated by the global pandemic, has redefined what it means to be a teenager today, differing drastically from even the past decade. Digital natives look for digital solutions for everything from socializing to developing skills to planning the future. We’ve embarked on a fascinating exploration into the diverse world of teens across various demographics, delving into their passions, self-images, and priorities – and time is right to continue helping teenagers navigate these things with digital tools that meet them where they are.

 

Discover the spaces – both digital and physical – where teens choose to spend their time. What tops their priority list in life? What fuels their learning and decision-making processes, and what tools might make these things easier? Where do they seek reliable counsel and information? What skills do they hold in high esteem? How do they handle financial matters? Embark on this venture to unravel the stories of present-day teenagers, the factors guiding their decisions, and their aspirations for an improved world to better understand how digital solutions can make an impact in their lives.

Learn About Our Research

Our reports provide insights based on speaking directly to teens. We go beyond asking comprehensive questions - we write teen-friendly copy to encourage their participation. Our analysis leads to actionable insights that illustrate what it's really like to be a teen today.

Types of Reports

TeenVoice provides a range of different reports to meet your needs, including short articles, topical and thematic deep-dive focus reports, and comprehensive landscape reports tailored to industry needs.

Our Methodology

We generate detailed insights in our reports by asking topical questions in a teen-friendly voice to a nationally representative sample of over 2,000 teens. We perform rigorous analysis to provide views based on age, gender, race, and more.

Expert Insights

With a combined 40 years in higher education, conducting consumer research, and studying human behavior, our staff of expert researchers and PhDs know how to talk to teens and craft actionable insights from their responses.

Quick Links

SURVEY BUILDER
INSIGHTS
FEATURES
ABOUT US
FAQ
LOGIN
PRIVACY POLICY
COMMERCIAL TERMS & CONDITIONS

EVOLVEME

a free future-planning site for teens

ⓒ 2024 TeenVoice. All rights reserved.
Distinct Misspelled Words: [
  '150000',
  'excltax',
  'weve',
  'self-images',
  'decision-making',
  'present-day',
  'teen-friendly',
  'deep-dive',
  '40',
  'phds',
  'evolveme',
  'future-planning'
]
