Executing link 15 of 65: https://www.teenvoice.com/reports/technology-s-role-in-the-student-experience
Extracted Page Text: This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. To learn more, view the following link: Privacy Policy
FEATURES
INSIGHTS
ABOUT US
LOGIN
GET STARTED

DIGITAL LIFE

Technology's Role in the Student Experience

REPORT

$1,500.00 (EXCL.TAX)

ADD TO CART

Description

In an era where teens spend more time online than ever, understanding their digital behavior is crucial for those designing educational technology products and programs. What platforms are they gravitating towards? What online activities engage them the most? How do these online experiences influence their real-world learning and future aspirations? And perhaps most importantly, what role does technology play in their education, and how do they perceive its effects?

 

Our in-depth research into teen online behavior and preferences presents vital insights for Education Technology designers, shedding light on where teens go online, their attitudes towards technology in learning, and what they anticipate for the future with advancements in AI and other digital technologies. Delve into the digital world of teens to uncover current trends and subtleties in their online behavior and understand how these digital tools can influence their real-world education decisions and perceptions. 

Learn About Our Research

Our reports provide insights based on speaking directly to teens. We go beyond asking comprehensive questions - we write teen-friendly copy to encourage their participation. Our analysis leads to actionable insights that illustrate what it's really like to be a teen today.

Types of Reports

TeenVoice provides a range of different reports to meet your needs, including short articles, topical and thematic deep-dive focus reports, and comprehensive landscape reports tailored to industry needs.

Our Methodology

We generate detailed insights in our reports by asking topical questions in a teen-friendly voice to a nationally representative sample of over 2,000 teens. We perform rigorous analysis to provide views based on age, gender, race, and more.

Expert Insights

With a combined 40 years in higher education, conducting consumer research, and studying human behavior, our staff of expert researchers and PhDs know how to talk to teens and craft actionable insights from their responses.

Quick Links

SURVEY BUILDER
INSIGHTS
FEATURES
ABOUT US
FAQ
LOGIN
PRIVACY POLICY
COMMERCIAL TERMS & CONDITIONS

EVOLVEME

a free future-planning site for teens

ⓒ 2024 TeenVoice. All rights reserved.
Distinct Misspelled Words: [
  '150000',
  'excltax',
  'real-world',
  'in-depth',
  'teen-friendly',
  'deep-dive',
  '40',
  'phds',
  'evolveme',
  'future-planning'
]
