Executing link 36 of 65: https://www.teenvoice.com/reports/how-teens-cope-with-stress-and-anxiety-highered
Extracted Page Text: This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. To learn more, view the following link: Privacy Policy
FEATURES
INSIGHTS
ABOUT US
LOGIN
GET STARTED

MENTAL WELLNESS

How Teens Cope With Stress and Anxiety

REPORT

$450.00 (EXCL.TAX)

ADD TO CART

Description

Teen anxiety and stress are at an all-time high, shaping how they approach academics, career decisions, and social connections. This report offers data and insights to help higher education institutions better support prospective students’ mental well-being.

Key Insights for Higher Education Professionals:

Learn how academic pressures and future uncertainty impact teens’ mental health.

Discover what coping strategies teens use—and where they need more support.

Explore the role of family, schools, and therapy in shaping teens’ emotional resilience.

Understand how to create a more supportive environment for students entering your institution.

This report provides the insights you need to connect with prospective students and foster a campus culture that prioritizes mental health.

 

1 OF 2

Learn About Our Research

Our reports provide insights based on speaking directly to teens. We go beyond asking comprehensive questions - we write teen-friendly copy to encourage their participation. Our analysis leads to actionable insights that illustrate what it's really like to be a teen today.

Types of Reports

TeenVoice provides a range of different reports to meet your needs, including short articles, topical and thematic deep-dive focus reports, and comprehensive landscape reports tailored to industry needs.

Our Methodology

We generate detailed insights in our reports by asking topical questions in a teen-friendly voice to a nationally representative sample of over 2,000 teens. We perform rigorous analysis to provide views based on age, gender, race, and more.

Expert Insights

With a combined 40 years in higher education, conducting consumer research, and studying human behavior, our staff of expert researchers and PhDs know how to talk to teens and craft actionable insights from their responses.

Quick Links

SURVEY BUILDER
INSIGHTS
FEATURES
ABOUT US
FAQ
LOGIN
PRIVACY POLICY
COMMERCIAL TERMS & CONDITIONS

EVOLVEME

a free future-planning site for teens

ⓒ 2024 TeenVoice. All rights reserved.
Distinct Misspelled Words: [
  '45000',
  'excltax',
  'all-time',
  'well-being',
  'useand',
  'teen-friendly',
  'deep-dive',
  '40',
  'phds',
  'evolveme',
  'future-planning'
]
