Executing link 22 of 65: https://www.teenvoice.com/reports/post-secondary-stress-and-the-effects-on-student-wellness
Extracted Page Text: This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. To learn more, view the following link: Privacy Policy
FEATURES
INSIGHTS
ABOUT US
LOGIN
GET STARTED

MENTAL WELLNESS

Post-Secondary Stress and the Effects on Student Wellness

REPORT

$1,500.00 (EXCL.TAX)

ADD TO CART

Description

Many of challenges teens face today are familiar – what career they want, whether and what kind of education to pursue, how to finance that education, and how to be a good friend when they are so busy. But many are new, and the result of a global pandemic that kept them isolated and drove them to spend their free time in digital spaces. And now more than ever, they face social and political upheaval that has direct impacts in the classroom.
 
With all of these changes, how are teens doing? What impact does their stress have on planning for their futures, and what worries them? How is their overall mental health, and what resources do they need to support themselves while they pursue their education and career goals? Our research into these trends offers crucial insights for higher education planners, preparing them for a new cohort of students with unique challenges and preparing them to create solutions that can support student success.
Learn About Our Research

Our reports provide insights based on speaking directly to teens. We go beyond asking comprehensive questions - we write teen-friendly copy to encourage their participation. Our analysis leads to actionable insights that illustrate what it's really like to be a teen today.

Types of Reports

TeenVoice provides a range of different reports to meet your needs, including short articles, topical and thematic deep-dive focus reports, and comprehensive landscape reports tailored to industry needs.

Our Methodology

We generate detailed insights in our reports by asking topical questions in a teen-friendly voice to a nationally representative sample of over 2,000 teens. We perform rigorous analysis to provide views based on age, gender, race, and more.

Expert Insights

With a combined 40 years in higher education, conducting consumer research, and studying human behavior, our staff of expert researchers and PhDs know how to talk to teens and craft actionable insights from their responses.

Quick Links

SURVEY BUILDER
INSIGHTS
FEATURES
ABOUT US
FAQ
LOGIN
PRIVACY POLICY
COMMERCIAL TERMS & CONDITIONS

EVOLVEME

a free future-planning site for teens

ⓒ 2024 TeenVoice. All rights reserved.
Distinct Misspelled Words: [
  'post-secondary',
  '150000',
  'excltax',
  'teen-friendly',
  'deep-dive',
  '40',
  'phds',
  'evolveme',
  'future-planning'
]
