Executing link 29 of 65: https://www.teenvoice.com/reports/the-top-three-concerns-teens-face-in-planning-for-their-future-general
Extracted Page Text: This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. To learn more, view the following link: Privacy Policy
FEATURES
INSIGHTS
ABOUT US
LOGIN
GET STARTED

FUTURE PREPAREDNESS

The Top Three Concerns Teens Face in Planning for Their Future

REPORT

$450.00 (EXCL.TAX)

ADD TO CART

Description

Today’s teens are caught in a whirlwind of emotions as they plan for their futures. Balancing optimism, anxiety, and the stress of too many options, they face challenges that are both unique to their generation and deeply personal. Our study of 2,000+ teens reveals their top concerns—academic pressure, career uncertainty, and financial worries—and why they crave hands-on experiences.

Key Insights:

Learn what teens say about the stress of academic expectations and future uncertainty.

Discover how career exploration and real-world experiences build confidence.

Explore the financial worries that weigh heavily on teens and their decision-making.

This report offers a comprehensive look into the complex emotions teens experience today and offers data-driven insights to help you make more informed decisions for your business. 

 

1 OF 2

Learn About Our Research

Our reports provide insights based on speaking directly to teens. We go beyond asking comprehensive questions - we write teen-friendly copy to encourage their participation. Our analysis leads to actionable insights that illustrate what it's really like to be a teen today.

Types of Reports

TeenVoice provides a range of different reports to meet your needs, including short articles, topical and thematic deep-dive focus reports, and comprehensive landscape reports tailored to industry needs.

Our Methodology

We generate detailed insights in our reports by asking topical questions in a teen-friendly voice to a nationally representative sample of over 2,000 teens. We perform rigorous analysis to provide views based on age, gender, race, and more.

Expert Insights

With a combined 40 years in higher education, conducting consumer research, and studying human behavior, our staff of expert researchers and PhDs know how to talk to teens and craft actionable insights from their responses.

Quick Links

SURVEY BUILDER
INSIGHTS
FEATURES
ABOUT US
FAQ
LOGIN
PRIVACY POLICY
COMMERCIAL TERMS & CONDITIONS

EVOLVEME

a free future-planning site for teens

ⓒ 2024 TeenVoice. All rights reserved.
Distinct Misspelled Words: [
  '45000',            'excltax',
  'concernsacademic', 'worriesand',
  'hands-on',         'real-world',
  'decision-making',  'data-driven',
  'teen-friendly',    'deep-dive',
  '40',               'phds',
  'evolveme',         'future-planning'
]
