Executing link 33 of 78: https://www.vml.com/news/celebrating-vmls-first-year-together
Extracted Page Text: SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
ABOUT US
WORK
WHAT WE DO
INSIGHTS
NEWS
CAREERS
CONTACT US
News
Celebrating VML's First Year, Together
Jan 13, 2025
A year of creativity, innovation, and success as VML unites to redefine the agency landscape

As we mark the first anniversary of the merger between VMLY&R and Wunderman Thompson, we celebrate a year filled with remarkable achievements and groundbreaking innovations.

This union has transformed us into VML, a powerhouse agency creating connected brands to drive growth for our client partners around the globe. Our journey together has been nothing short of extraordinary, showcasing what can be accomplished when two world-class agencies unite with a shared vision.

VML's heritage is built on more than 300 years of combined experience and expertise, where creativity meets technology, and diverse perspectives ignite inspiration.

With roots tracing back to the founding of J. Walter Thompson in 1864, Y&R in 1923, Wunderman in 1958, and VML in 1992, we have forged a new path as a growth partner that is equal parts creative agency, consultancy, and technology powerhouse.

The merger of VMLY&R and Wunderman Thompson to create VML on January 1, 2024, marks the latest chapter in this storied legacy.

The future of building strong brands and businesses requires the interconnectivity of brand experience, commerce, and customer experiences. Our first year as VML has proven that together, we are capable of achieving what no other agency or consultancy can offer. We are redefining modern marketing and setting new standards for creativity and innovation.
Jon Cook
Global CEO, VML

In our inaugural year, VML redefined the agency landscape by integrating Brand Experience (BX), Customer Experience (CX), Commerce, and Enterprise Solutions. This connected approach has allowed us to meet the complex needs of modern marketers, driving growth for iconic global brands.

Our collective efforts have not gone unnoticed, with VML being named one of the four most awarded agencies at Cannes Lions, as well as recognized in numerous Forrester landscape reports. VML was named a Strong Performer in The Forrester Wave: CX Strategy Consulting Services, Q4 2024, and was part of WPP being named a Leader in The Forrester Wave: Commerce Services, Q2 2024, and a Strong Performer in The Forrester Wave: Adobe Services, Q3 2024. For a look at a full list of 2024's awards and recognition, click here.

From left: Chris Symmes, Head of Marketing, Dressings & Condiments at Unilever; Debbi Vandeven, VML Global Chief Creative Officer; Kenan Thompson, American actor and comedian; and Jon Cook, VML Global CEO.

Our success at VML is grounded in the trust and support of our valued client partners, who form the bedrock of our agency.

We are privileged to work with some of the world's most respected brands, building longstanding relationships that foster innovation and growth.

2024 brought many new clients to the VML family who we are so proud to work alongside.


The strength of VML lies in our people and our commitment to positive impact. Through initiatives like THRIVE and Learn.VML.com, we empower employee growth while fostering inclusion through ERG programs and scholarships.

We also prioritize community engagement, with the VML Foundation's charitable giving exceeding $3.2 million this year.

Our first Foundation Day together marked the 20th anniversary of VML Worldwide Foundation Day, where over 26,000 employees across more than 100 offices participated in volunteer projects, supporting over 250 non-profit causes.


As we celebrate our first year as VML, it brings not only the typical excitement for the cake and celebrations, but the anticipation and enthusiasm about the journey ahead.

Here’s to all the momentum we’ll create in the years to come!


VML's Standout Campaigns of 2024: A Year of Impact and Innovation

Our campaigns have made waves, creating connected and famous brands that ignite excitement and cultural impact. Some of this year's top winners include:

"The 100th Edition" by Scholz & Friends Germany for Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung

READ MORE

"Thanks for Coke-Creating" created by WPP Open X, led by VML, and supported by Essence Mediacom and Ogilvy PR

READ MORE

"This Is Not a Game" by VML Mexico for Movistar

READ MORE

"Absurd Promises" by VML Argentina for ASDRA

READ MORE
VML's Key Reports of 2024: Insights and Innovations

In 2024, VML produced over 30 reports, providing insights to help our client partners navigate marketing's evolving landscape. Some of the biggest include:

The Future 100

A 10th-anniversary edition forecasting trends, highlighted at events in NYC and London.

READ MORE
Trailblazers of Tomorrow

Insights into Generation Alpha and social commerce strategies.

READ MORE
Tomorrow’s Commerce

Long-term trends in retail, from the metaverse to sustainability.

READ MORE
Future Shopper

A global look at emerging shopper behaviors and actionable insights.

READ MORE
A Culture Built on Connection

At VML, we believe culture goes beyond perks; it's rooted in purpose. It's about creating a community where individuals feel connected, valued, and inspired to excel. As a newly merged agency, cultivating a thriving culture has been our top priority in our inaugural year. To support this, VML introduced initiatives designed to empower employees and foster growth:

THRIVE

A personalized platform aligning employee aspirations with agency goals.

Learn.VML

A hub offering LinkedIn Learning and expert-led courses to keep teams ahead of industry trends.

Core Values

Newly established values guiding collaboration and decision-making.

Sawubona

A recognition program celebrating colleagues who exemplify our Core Values.

Amid recent scale-backs in DEI efforts across the industry, VML remains steadfast, continuing to invest in inclusion, equity, and belonging as core priorities for our people, client partners, and communities.

Employee Resource Groups (ERGs): Connected ERGs from legacy agencies and created new ones for underrepresented communities, resulting in 27 globally, including 13 in North America. Initiatives include Noir’s Just Ad Flava conference, Juneteenth celebrations with WPP Soul, and panels hosted by Chai There! and Prism.
Inclusion as a Skill: New for 2024, this multilingual program fosters workplace inclusion through workshops and discussions.
Detroit Experience Studio: Continued support for this free 10-week immersive program for Black and Brown youth in Detroit, engaging over 1,300 students to date.
LÍDERAS (LATAM): Launched in 2024, this program advances female creative leadership in Latin America through tailored training, CCO partnerships, and opportunities to engage in key pitches and conferences.
Scholarships: Partnered with the 4A’s Foundation to award $50,000 in scholarships, supporting diverse students and amplifying marginalized voices.
Blackweek Sponsorship: Proud sponsor of this global event celebrating diversity in advertising, media, tech, and entertainment, with Global CEO Jon Cook moderating a panel alongside our ADT client partner.
RELATED CONTENT
NEWS
Wunderman Thompson and VMLY&R Unite to Form VML
VML will be the world’s largest creative company, combining brand experience, customer experience and commerce
READ ARTICLE
NEWS
VML Roars at Cannes 2024
Discover VML's award-winning work from Cannes Lions 2024 with 57 Lions including a Grand Prix and seven Gold
READ ARTICLE
CONTACT US
NEWSLETTER
PRESS CENTER
Cookie Settings
Cookie Policy
Privacy
Terms
Modern Slavery Act Statement
CCPA Policy
Accessibility

CONNECT WITH US

© 2025 VML. A WPP Company.
Distinct Misspelled Words: [
  "vml's",       'jan',              'vmlyr',     'wunderman',
  'thompson',    'world-class',      '300',       'walter',
  '1864',        '1923',             '1958',      '1992',
  'january',     'jon',              'ceo',       'cx',
  'cannes',      'q4',               'q2',        'q3',
  "2024's",      'chris',            'symmes',    'unilever',
  'debbi',       'vandeven',         'kenan',     'american',
  'learnvmlcom', '32',               '26000',     '250',
  'non-profit',  'scholz',           'germany',   'allgemeine',
  'zeitung',     'coke-creating',    'mediacom',  'ogilvy',
  'mexico',      'movistar',         'argentina', 'asdra',
  '30',          '10th-anniversary', 'nyc',       'london',
  'long-term',   'metaverse',        'learnvml',  'linkedin',
  'expert-led',  'decision-making',  'sawubona',  'scale-backs',
  'dei',         '27',               'america',   'noirs',
  'flava',       'juneteenth',       'chai',      'detroit',
  '10-week',     'immersive',        '1300',      'lderas',
  'latam',       'latin',            'cco',       '4as',
  '50000',       'blackweek',        'adt',       'award-winning',
  '57',          'prix',             'ccpa'
]
