Executing link 17 of 65: https://www.teenvoice.com/reports/future-focus-teens-on-education-and-careers
Extracted Page Text: This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. To learn more, view the following link: Privacy Policy
FEATURES
INSIGHTS
ABOUT US
LOGIN
GET STARTED

FUTURE PREPAREDNESS

Future Focus: Teens on Education and Careers

REPORT

$1,500.00 (EXCL.TAX)

ADD TO CART

Description

While the immediate urgency of the COVID-19 pandemic has passed, teens today continue to feel its impact and – whether they’re aware of it or not – their choices have been informed by such tremendous upheaval. During the height of the pandemic, several studies indicated that teens were turning away from higher education – especially four-year college – and turning to community colleges, other training, or careers. Many of these studies implied that teens put a high premium on the location of their jobs, arguably over other job features.


Discover whether all of this is still the case for teens. How far in advance are teens planning for their futures? What, specifically, are their plans and what are their motivations for pursuing their next academic and vocational steps? Do they have a backup plan and what is it? What resources do teens need to prepare for the future and how do needs vary? How do teens really feel about four-year college versus other options? Dive in to uncover teens’ plans for the future, their decision-making drivers, and their wishlist for what they want in their future education and career.

1 OF 4

Learn About Our Research

Our reports provide insights based on speaking directly to teens. We go beyond asking comprehensive questions - we write teen-friendly copy to encourage their participation. Our analysis leads to actionable insights that illustrate what it's really like to be a teen today.

Types of Reports

TeenVoice provides a range of different reports to meet your needs, including short articles, topical and thematic deep-dive focus reports, and comprehensive landscape reports tailored to industry needs.

Our Methodology

We generate detailed insights in our reports by asking topical questions in a teen-friendly voice to a nationally representative sample of over 2,000 teens. We perform rigorous analysis to provide views based on age, gender, race, and more.

Expert Insights

With a combined 40 years in higher education, conducting consumer research, and studying human behavior, our staff of expert researchers and PhDs know how to talk to teens and craft actionable insights from their responses.

Quick Links

SURVEY BUILDER
INSIGHTS
FEATURES
ABOUT US
FAQ
LOGIN
PRIVACY POLICY
COMMERCIAL TERMS & CONDITIONS

EVOLVEME

a free future-planning site for teens

ⓒ 2024 TeenVoice. All rights reserved.
Distinct Misspelled Words: [
  '150000',          'excltax',
  'covid-19',        'theyre',
  'four-year',       'decision-making',
  'wishlist',        'teen-friendly',
  'deep-dive',       '40',
  'phds',            'evolveme',
  'future-planning'
]
