Executing link 28 of 65: https://www.teenvoice.com/reports/what-exactly-are-teens-doing-on-social-media-anyway-highered
Extracted Page Text: This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. To learn more, view the following link: Privacy Policy
FEATURES
INSIGHTS
ABOUT US
LOGIN
GET STARTED

DIGITAL LIFE

What Exactly Are Teens Doing On Social Media, Anyway?

REPORT

$450.00 (EXCL.TAX)

ADD TO CART

Description

Understand the digital habits of your future students. This study of 2,000+ teens offers actionable insights into how they interact with digital platforms, make decisions, and manage their online identities—key data for how your institution approaches enrollment, engagement, and communication strategies.

Strategic Insights for Higher Education:

Learn how teens want to connect with online.

Discover which platforms resonate most with prospective students.

Understand the balance between content consumption and creation.

Explore how teens manage their online presence with future goals in mind.

Prepare your institution to connect with the next generation of students with data-driven insights into their digital behaviors and preferences.

 

Learn About Our Research

Our reports provide insights based on speaking directly to teens. We go beyond asking comprehensive questions - we write teen-friendly copy to encourage their participation. Our analysis leads to actionable insights that illustrate what it's really like to be a teen today.

Types of Reports

TeenVoice provides a range of different reports to meet your needs, including short articles, topical and thematic deep-dive focus reports, and comprehensive landscape reports tailored to industry needs.

Our Methodology

We generate detailed insights in our reports by asking topical questions in a teen-friendly voice to a nationally representative sample of over 2,000 teens. We perform rigorous analysis to provide views based on age, gender, race, and more.

Expert Insights

With a combined 40 years in higher education, conducting consumer research, and studying human behavior, our staff of expert researchers and PhDs know how to talk to teens and craft actionable insights from their responses.

Quick Links

SURVEY BUILDER
INSIGHTS
FEATURES
ABOUT US
FAQ
LOGIN
PRIVACY POLICY
COMMERCIAL TERMS & CONDITIONS

EVOLVEME

a free future-planning site for teens

ⓒ 2024 TeenVoice. All rights reserved.
Distinct Misspelled Words: [
  '45000',
  'excltax',
  'identitieskey',
  'data-driven',
  'teen-friendly',
  'deep-dive',
  '40',
  'phds',
  'evolveme',
  'future-planning'
]
